# Flutter Basics:

 * This app only has the default code which is generated by the flutter create command.

**Overview of Folders & Generated Files**
 * **.idea -** Folder for android studio configuration
 * **android -** Folder holds complete android project. Flutter code will be compiled and injected into this folder at runtime to generate apk
* **build -** Folder used for saving output files.
* **iOS -** Folder holds complete iOS project. Flutter code will be compiled and injected into this folder at runtime to generate .ipa file.
* **lib -** Folder which holds the real flutter development code. we will be writting our code inside this folder.
* **test -** Folder for writting test cases.
* **.gitignore -** File for git configuration.
* **.metadata -** File used by flutter for saving temp data.
* **.packages -** This is also file used by flutter for saving temp data.
* **pubspec.lock -** Holds information about 3rd party libs.
* **pubspec.yaml -** Basically a config file for configuring 3rd party packages.
* **main.dart -** Entry point of the application which will be having main method to start the execution.
 
 **Dart Basics**
 * Dart is an object oriented programming language.
 * [**DartPad -**](https://dartpad.dartlang.org/) online dart compiler for trying out some basic code.
 * In dart **main()** function in the **main.dart** file is the entry point which will be executed first and called automatically by dart compiler.
 * If the datatype is not mentioned then dart will take that as dynamic type. it wont show error. depends on its value type will be inferred.

    var name = 'mathan' -> General Type/ Dynamic Type.
    
    double result = 5.5; -> Specific Type
    
 * **print()** is the method to print the output to the console.
